When you were at my house
I don't feel right
There's always some weird people coming in and out
Now it seems
It turns out that you are hooking up
You have rebelled
Early knowledge today
I should have sent you to the Sacred Conspiracy as soon as possible
Presumptuous young master reputation
How can you wait for slander and slander?
Do you still need slander to see him like this?
Maybe his mother gave birth to a foreign man
Ono
What did you say? I said you're a little wild boy. What's the matter?
It's a little wild species, a little wild species, a little wild species.
Small wild species Small wild species
I said what's wrong with you
What's the matter, you want to hit me?
Try one.
Small wild species Small wild species
Please die for the hero
Never allow anyone to slander his intimacy
I thought it was treason
I'd like to ask you
Back then, my father stood up in the 40s in the West
And where to wait
Open the Heavenly Seal first, when the life is exhausted
And where to wait and think hard
Where is there no blood of Wulin City?
Which place is not buried in the Chinese language of Wulin City?
Really Xiaoquan Zun's son
How is that possible?
Son of the Supreme
No wonder the richest man and two generals
Will you worship him as your Lord?
You did a good job in this play
Even I almost believed it
You said your father was Great Xia Supreme
Who can win?
Do you think the Supreme is dead?
Dead man
A traitor
To slander the supreme hero here